Let's schedule a meeting for tomorrow
Can we meet Thursday at noon
Let's meet up on Friday at 3 p.m.
Can we have a meeting next week
Benedict, schedule a meeting for next Tuesday
Next Wednesday let's have a conference
Can you schedule me a meeting for tomorrow?
Can we have a weekly meeting on Thursdays?
Would you be available after 2pm on Wednesday?
Lets meet tomorrow at 12.
Set up a meeting for tomorrow at 12.
Lets meet Friday at noon.
Can you schedule a meeting for tomorrow at 3 pm?
What is the phase of the moon
Why are dogs
What is the rate of expansion of the universe
Will entropy cause the heat death of the universe
When is my birthday
Why do dogs have feet
What are the biggest problems facing humanity
When can I see my children again
What are these spots on my genitals
Why do birds suddenly appear
Where is a good place to get Chinese food
What were the most important wars fought in the history of the United States?
What are you planning to buy today at the supermarket?
How exactly did the fight between the two of you start?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
How will you help the company if you are hired to work for us?
What do you plan to do immediately following graduation from college?
What types of decorations do you plan to have for your friend's birthday party?
What was your high school experience like?
How did you and your best friend meet?
What sites do you expect to see on your vacation?
How do you go about booking tickets for a flight?
What were the major effects of World War II for the United States?
How do you go about purchasing a home?
What is it like to live in the capital of Morocco?
What is the quickest way to get to the pet store in town?
Why is it that every time I talk with you, you seem irritated?
In what way do you feel I should present myself?
How do you manage to raise those children alone?
What is the matter with the people in that class?
Where are you going to find the time to write all those letters?
Why can't I come along with you?
What makes the leaves change color?
How exactly does one replace the screen to a cellular phone?